fix: updated the behaviors help (#256)
Innoactive/Creator: .Documentation/articles/innoactive-creator/default-behaviors.md

### Description

> This Behavior plays an audio clip loaded from the `Resources` folder in your project’s asset folder. The Innoactive Creator supports the audio file format which are supported by Unity, which are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Behavior plays an audio clip loaded from the `Resources` folder in your project’s asset folder. The Innoactive Creator supports all audio file formats supported by Unity, which are 
```

- aif
- wav
- mp3
- ogg

### Application Example

> - The Trainee is supposed to react to alarming signs: the trainee hears a suspicious clicking sound during his training, which you want him to identify as an important sign of a dangerous situation that the trainee needs to handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The trainee is supposed to react to alarming signs: the trainee hears a suspicious clicking sound during his training, which he is supposed to identify as a sign of danger. He then has to react accordingly.
```

> - Feedback of interactions: feedback sounds for using for example specific tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feedback of interactions: feedback sounds for using tools, e.g. drill sound for a drill.
```

    }
    ```

>     If you want to hear the teleport sound, you have to enter the the key *"teleport_sound"* into the `Localization key` text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to hear the teleport sound, you have to enter the key *"teleport_sound"* into the `Localization key` text field.
```

    - `After Step Execution`: Once a transition to another step has been selected and the current step starts deactivating, the behavior is invoked.
    - `Before and After Step Execution`: Execution at activation and deactivation of a step.

- #### Wait for completion

    By default, the step waits for the audio file to finish. If you want the step to interrupt the audio in case the trainee completes the condition(s), uncheck this option. 
    
    Note: this might lead to an audio file not even being started.

### Location of this behavior (for developers):

This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Audio/Play TextToSpeech Audio

### Description

> This behavior reads digital text aloud. The behavior can convert localized text into speech by fetching values from the localisation files (.json) using the provided localization keys. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior reads digital text aloud. The behavior can convert localized text into speech by fetching values from the localization files (.json) using the provided localization keys. 
```

If the key in `Localization Key` does not exist or the text field is empty, the text entered into the `Default text` field will be used.

### Application Example

- You want to give your trainees an audio instruction of what they need to accomplish in their training.
- You train the same process in multiple countries requiring instructions in multiple languages.

### Configuration

> The default language is set to ‘English’. Consult [the Text-to-Speech documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/v2.8.0/articles/developer/12-text-to-speech.html) to learn how to configure the Text-to-Speech Engine (TTS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default language is set to ‘English’. Consult [the Text-to-Speech documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/articles/developer/12-text-to-speech.html) to learn how to configure the Text-to-Speech Engine (TTS).
```

    - `After Step Execution`: Once a transition to another step has been selected and the current step starts deactivating, the behavior is invoked.
    - `Before and After Step Execution`: Execution at activation and deactivation of a step.

- #### Wait for completion

    By default, the step waits for the audio file to finish. If you want the step to interrupt the audio in case the trainee completes the conditions, uncheck this option. 
    
    Note: this might lead to an audio file not even being started.

### Location of this behavior (for developers):

This behavior is part of the [Text-to-Speech](https://github.com/Innoactive/TextToSpeech-Component) component. 

------

## Behavior Sequence

### Description

> This behavior contains a list of child behaviors which will be activated one after the other. A child behavior in the list will not be activated until the previous child behavior has finished its life cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior contains a list of child behaviors which will be activated one after another. A child behavior in the list will not be activated until the previous child behavior has finished its life cycle.
```

### Application Example

- the trainee places a package to the assembly line. Use a behavior sequence to move the package first to the right on the assembly line, then to the left onto the next assembly line.

- the trainee should watch a short tutorial where trainers explain the next steps which need to be accomplished. For example, give instructions to push button A, then highlight button A, then give instructions to push button B, then highlight button B. Afterwards, give the instruction to execute the sequence shown in the tutorial.

### Configuration

- #### Repeat

    if checked, the behavior sequence restarts from the top of the child behavior list as soon as the life cycle of the last child behavior in the list has finished.

- #### Child behaviors

>     List of all queued behaviors. Add behaviors to the list using the *"add Behavior"* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    List of all queued behaviors. Add behaviors to the list using the *"Add Behavior"* button.
```

### Location of this behavior (for developers):

This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Delay

### Description

This behavior completes after the specified amount of time. Even when trainees fulfill the required conditions to transition to the next step, this step will wait for the duration configured in `Delay (in seconds)`.  

### Application Example

- In a Behavior Sequence, this delay behavior allows you to insert pauses between its child behaviors.

### Configuration

- #### Delay (in seconds)

    configure the behavior’s delay duration in seconds.

    ##### Example

    Delay (in seconds) = 1.3

### Location of this behavior (for developers):

This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Disable Object

### Description

This behavior makes the selected `Object` invisible and non-interactive until it specifically is set back to *"enabled"* in a future step.
Put into Unity terms, it deactivates the selected Game Object.

> If you would like to make an object non-interactive while being visible, see the [Suspending Interactions](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/v2.8.0/articles/innoactive-creator/suspending-interactions.html) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to make an object non-interactive while being visible, see the [Suspending Interactions](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/articles/innoactive-creator/suspending-interactions.html) article.
```

### Configuration

- #### Object

    the `Training Scene Object` to be disabled.

### Location of this behavior (for developers):

This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Enable Object

### Description

This behavior makes the selected `Object` visible and interactive until it is specifically set back to *"disabled"* in a future step.
Put into Unity terms, it activates the selected Game Object.

### Application Example

- In some scenarios you want trainees to interact with objects that are not visible at the start of the scene. By enabling them they can be “added” to the training scene when needed.

- Use this behavior as an easy way to add additional visual hints.

### Configuration

- #### Object

    the `Training Scene Object` to be enabled.

### Location of this behavior (for developers):
    
This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Hightlight Object

### Description

This behavior visually highlights the selected object until the end of a step.

> Select the Highlighted `Object` in the Unity Hierarchy and open the Unity Inspector. Search for the *Interactable Highlighter Script*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the highlighted `Object` in the Unity Hierarchy and open the Unity Inspector. Search for the *Interactable Highlighter Script*.
```

[![Interactable Highlighter Script](../images/default-behaviors/interactable-highlighter-script.png "")](../images/default-behaviors/interactable-highlighter-script.png)

You can define the Color and Material for *On Touch Highlight*, *On Grab Highlight*, and *On Use Highlight*. The object will show the highlight color configured in the Highlight behavior by default, as soon as the object is touched it will change to the color configured in *On Touch Highlight*. The same happens when the object is grabbed or used. It will display the configured color in ‘On Grab Highlight’ or ‘On Use Highlight’. 

### Application Example

> - Give trainees feedback of objects in the scene they can interact with in the current step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Give trainees feedback when interacting with objects in the scene. 
```

- Give trainees feedback when entering an object using their controllers (*On Touch Highlight*) or when grabbing (*On Grab Highlight*) or using (*On Use Highlight*) an object. 

### Configuration

- #### Color

>     Color in which the target object will be highlighted. Colors are defined in the RGBA color channel. By configuring the alpha (A) value, highlights can be translucent.

Reviewer: This does not have to be the RGBA color channel because we are using Unitys color picker where you can also do HSV, or am I missing something?

Author: I added HSV color channel as well

- #### Object

    the `Training Scene Object` which should be highlighted.

### Location of this behavior (for developers):
This behavior is part of the [Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors](https://github.com/Innoactive/Basic-Conditions-And-Behaviors) component. 

------

## Lock Object (deprecated)

> Deprecated: please see [Suspending Interactions](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/v2.8.0/articles/innoactive-creator/suspending-interactions.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated: please see [Suspending Interactions](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/articles/innoactive-creator/suspending-interactions.html).
```

### Description

This behavior animates the `Object` to move and rotate (no scaling) to the position and rotation of the `Final Position Provider` in the time in seconds specified in `Duration (in seconds)`.
 
Note: If `Object` was affected by gravity before, it will continue to be effected after this behavior. 

### Application Example

- When trainees pick up the wrong tool, move the tool back to their initial place as soon as trainees release the object.

### Configuration

- #### Object

    the `Training Scene Object` to be moved and rotated (no scaling).

- #### Final position provider

    the `Training Scene Object` that is being used as position provider object which should be placed at the exact position and rotation where you want to move and rotate your `object` to.

- #### Animation duration (in seconds)

>     time in seconds the animation takes to move and rotate `object` to the `Final position provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    time in seconds the animation takes to move and rotate `Object` to the `Final position provider`.
```
